Adjustments to SOIT implementation (#96)
WilhelmusLab/ice-floe-tracker-pipeline: README.md

   - [ ] ` export SPACEPSWD=<password>`
3. Update inputs and run the following: 
```bash

> docker run --env SPACEUSER --env SPACEPSWD --mount type=bind,source=<your_desired_output_dir>,target=/tmp brownccv/icefloetracker-fetchdata:main \

Author: The extra space in line 23 was giving me an uninformative error from docker "docker: invalid reference format". Deleting the space between `brownccv/` and `icefloetracker-fetchdata:main` made it so it would run.

Reviewer: Good find!

> python3 /usr/local/bin/pass_time_cylc.py --startdate <YYYY-MM-DD> --enddate <YYYY-MM-DD> --csvoutpath /tmp --centroid_x <input_centroid_x> --centroid_y $<input_centroid_y> --SPACEUSER $SPACEUSER --SPACEPSWD $SPACEPSWD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 /usr/local/bin/pass_time_cylc.py --startdate <YYYY-MM-DD> --enddate <YYYY-MM-DD> --csvoutpath /tmp --centroid_lat <input_centroid_lat> --centroid_lon <input_centroid_lon> --SPACEUSER $SPACEUSER --SPACEPSWD $SPACEPSWD
```

```

>    * be sure to replace `source`, `startdate`, `enddate`, `centroid_x`, and `centroid_y` with your desired inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * be sure to replace `source`, `startdate`, `enddate`, `centroid_lat`, and `centroid_lon` with your desired inputs
```

   * csvoutpath must remain as `/tmp` to bind the Docker container output path with your desired local path

**Note:** The `pass_time_cylc.py` script in this project can be adapted to include additional satellites available in the [space-track.org](https://www.space-track.org/) repository. If you have `numpy` and `skyfield` installed in a local `conda` environment, you can run `pass_time_cylc.py` from the directory where you installed the Ice Floe Tracker Pipeline:

> ```python3 workflow/scripts/pass_time_cylc.py --startdate <YYYY-MM-DD> --enddate <YYYY-MM-DD> --csvoutpath /tmp --centroid_x <input_centroid_x> --centroid_y $<input_centroid_y> --SPACEUSER $SPACEUSER --SPACEPSWD $SPACEPSWD```

Author: What is the advantage of running `pass_time_cylc.py` using a remote docker image rather than adding `numpy` and `skyfield` to the `conda ift-env`? To me it seems like it limits the flexibility of the script.

Author: Makes sense. There is the need then to have docker running and to install docker, so in both cases there's installations to take care of.

> ```python3 workflow/scripts/pass_time_cylc.py --startdate <YYYY-MM-DD> --enddate <YYYY-MM-DD> --csvoutpath /tmp --centroid_x <input_centroid_x> --centroid_y $<input_centroid_y> --SPACEUSER $SPACEUSER --SPACEPSWD $SPACEPSWD```

Reviewer: Maybe change the `csvoutpath` as well? If running locally, a user would need to know how to find `/tmp`, the results would not copy over to the `resources` dir of the repo like it does when using the Cylc flow.

Author: Good call, just changed that
